---
layout: post
title:  "Kick-Off"
description: I want to make a website!
img:
date:   2017-12-24 13:02:00 -0400
categories: jekyll update
---

# Kickoff

Recently I was asked if I have my own website. I didn't. It felt like I was in that dream where
I show up to school in my birthday suit. I searched my brain for 
a solid reason as to why I don't have a website and it became painfully clear that 
there was no valid excuse. A student should show up to school wearing clothes and a 
Computer Scientist and Game Developer should have a website. The Mechanical Engineer 
in me says, "Meh, websites..." Ignore him. We are going to build a website.

First I had to think about the building blocks of a website. Or maybe just
all of the excuses I could come up with as to why I don't have one. Once 
I have identified my excuses I can isolate the excuse and solve it.

[comment]: <> (Make this a table)
### My excuses: 
1. Lack of knowledge (I'm not sure how to make a website)
2. Lack of content (I'm not that interesting)
3. Lack of time (I'm always busy)
4. Lack of motivation (I'm tired/lazy)

### Solutions:
1. Lack of Knowledge 
   
   This is a horrible excuse. I have been 
   developing for years but even if I hadn't been a couple of google 
   searches will get me the information that I need. If anything there 
   is far too much information out there and the most challenging part 
   is to filter out the information not pertinent to my project. To help 
   mitigate this I will initially create a static webpage and then start 
   adding in more technology later. I'll start with technologies I feel 
   comfortable with (Flask, Jinja2 and SQLAlchemy) and then move into 
   stuff I have less experience with (ReactJS, NodeJS). To do this I am 
   giving myself permissin to rewrite this whenever and however I want. 
   Git branches will be used to their fullest.

2. Lack of content

   I definitely have content now. I have my own resume, I have some hobbies, I make games and I am now making this blog.
   This is website is almost self-creating content right now! So... this excuse is over

3. Lack of time

   Ok, this one might haves some real merit. It's always difficult to find time for something new in your life, but that
   is exactly what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna need to set aside time for my own projects

4. Lack of motivation

   Did you see how I lead up to this one? Not building this website now would be laziness, and I don't like being lazy too often.
   And I want a website thats cool and that I could be proud of and that I can share my games on. Building websites, apps and 
   software was the reason I went to school for computer science. I dont really need more motivation than that.


### The Plan:
1. ~~Initialize Git Repository~~
2. ~~Write first blog~~
3. Choose Layout
4. Write Home - About Me
5. Write resume
6. Write games page with links
7. Host game
8. Service webpage
9. Maintain Blog and Website





